overseas screening is quite extensive only for you, for the family also.
And during office that oversees greeting. If there is a problem with
a family member, for instance, if a family member is exceptional
registered in the example family program, then the Navy made making
a choice to switch you out. And that way you could stay with your family
and swap out with crew that's going across. That is one thing
that the Navy has tried to do with ships deployed overseas is just have
the crew swats. Okay, Well, Excel was an excellent XO. Yeah. So
my ex No, for my future. I'm sorry for my screw. It's He was from Japan.
He was He was the chief of the air. It's gonna be so off. Thus,
the ship that we were replacing so rather than him do that and moved
his family to San Diego, he was swapped out and he came to the U.
S s five game. It's old fight, so the Navy does swap out little one
and the Navy will work with you. It has a lot of screaming for available
to help you get your stuff ready. Put your stuff in storage and
movie